Fangyuan, you are so brave
Mr. Sun's visit is a long way off.
Why are you here today?
What's the matter, Xiaoshuang is my niece
Mr. Yi is my benefactor
Do I still have to report to you?
Mr. Sun is still so humorous
So comic
With my friendship with Chairperson Sun
What is he?
Do you understand my friendship with you?
Mr. Sun, I want to contribute to you every year
Millions in profits
He's just a bad gambler
It seems
Sun Hongyu listened to my suggestion and went to check the account.
I can't bring anything to Sen Dong
I'm the bad gambler in your mouth
But in front of Chairperson Sun
You want to shit on my face
You are not worthy to be in front of Chairperson Sun
Then you kid still dare to praise me
Is Yiqiu crazy?
The wind and rain are ruthless
He can chop off your fingers and run you over to death
People are not frivolous
I'm crazy only because I'm crazy
Uncle Sun, I'm sorry.
One ball is my friend
Please help us.
Do you know how to move reinforcements now?
Late Mr. Sun
For our business